README.md, before:

# Awesome Finite Element Method (FEM) [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of awesome stuff related to Finite Element Analysis (FEA) Software for Structural Engineering.
> The finite element method (FEM) is a numerical method for solving problems in engineering and mathematical physics.
> Typical problem areas of interest include structural analysis, heat transfer, fluid flow, mass transport, and electromagnetic potential.

<h3 align="center">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/FAE_visualization.jpg" width="50%">
</h3>

This list is a collection of tools, projects, images, and resources conforming to the [Awesome Manifesto](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/blob/main/awesome.md)

Contributions _very welcome_ but first see [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [CAD](#cad)
- [Python](#python)
- [Tutorial](#tutorial)
- [Others](#others)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## CAD

- [CadQuery](https://cadquery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - A python parametric CAD scripting framework based on OCCT ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [FreeCAD](https://www.freecad.org/) - A free and opensource multiplatform 3D parametric modeler. ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/mac%20os-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=macos&logoColor=F0F0F0) ![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)

## Python

- [FElupe](https://felupe.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - 🔍 finite element analysis for continuum mechanics of solid bodies ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
- [GetFEM](https://getfem.org) - Framework for solving systems of coupled nonlinear PDEs. ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Octave](https://img.shields.io/badge/OCTAVE-darkblue?style=for-the-badge&logo=octave&logoColor=fcd683) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [PyMAPDL](https://github.com/ansys/pymapdl) - The PyMAPDL project supports Pythonic access to MAPDL. ![pyansys](https://img.shields.io/badge/Py-Ansys-ffc107.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABAAAAAQCAIAAACQkWg2AAABDklEQVQ4jWNgoDfg5mD8vE7q/3bpVyskbW0sMRUwofHD7Dh5OBkZGBgW7/3W2tZpa2tLQEOyOzeEsfumlK2tbVpaGj4N6jIs1lpsDAwMJ278sveMY2BgCA0NFRISwqkhyQ1q/Nyd3zg4OBgYGNjZ2ePi4rB5loGBhZnhxTLJ/9ulv26Q4uVk1NXV/f///////69du4Zdg78lx//t0v+3S88rFISInD59GqIH2esIJ8G9O2/XVwhjzpw5EAam1xkkBJn/bJX+v1365hxxuCAfH9+3b9/+////48cPuNehNsS7cDEzMTAwMMzb+Q2u4dOnT2vWrMHu9ZtzxP9vl/69RVpCkBlZ3N7enoDXBwEAAA+YYitOilMVAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [PyVista](https://docs.pyvista.org/version/stable/) - 3D plotting and mesh analysis through a streamlined interface for VTK ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [Symfem](https://symfem.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - A symbolic finite element definition library ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [pyelmer](https://github.com/nemocrys/pyelmer) - A python interface to Elmer. ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [pyGIMLi](https://github.com/gimli-org/gimli) - Geophysical Inversion and Modeling Library 🌍 ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
- [scikit-fem](https://scikit-fem.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Simple finite element assemblers ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

## Tutorial

- [The DOLFINx tutorial](https://github.com/jorgensd/dolfinx-tutorial) - This is the source code for the dolfinx-tutorial webpage. ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [comet-fenicsx](https://bleyerj.github.io/comet-fenicsx/) - COmputational MEchanics numerical Tours. ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

## Others

- [DefElement](https://defelement.com/) - an encyclopedia of finite element definitions ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

Commit message:

Add t8code (#30)
Co-authored-by: pre-commit-ci[bot] <66853113+pre-commit-ci[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Awesome Finite Element Method (FEM) [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of awesome stuff related to Finite Element Analysis (FEA) Software for Structural Engineering.
> The finite element method (FEM) is a numerical method for solving problems in engineering and mathematical physics.
> Typical problem areas of interest include structural analysis, heat transfer, fluid flow, mass transport, and electromagnetic potential.

<h3 align="center">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/FAE_visualization.jpg" width="50%">
</h3>

This list is a collection of tools, projects, images, and resources conforming to the [Awesome Manifesto](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/blob/main/awesome.md)

Contributions _very welcome_ but first see [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [CAD](#cad)
- [Mesh](#mesh)
- [Python](#python)
- [Tutorial](#tutorial)
- [Others](#others)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## CAD

- [CadQuery](https://cadquery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - A python parametric CAD scripting framework based on OCCT ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [FreeCAD](https://www.freecad.org/) - A free and opensource multiplatform 3D parametric modeler. ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/mac%20os-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=macos&logoColor=F0F0F0) ![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)

## Mesh

- [t8code](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code) - Parallel algorithms and data structures for tree-based AMR with arbitrary element shapes. ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

## Python

- [FElupe](https://felupe.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - 🔍 finite element analysis for continuum mechanics of solid bodies ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
- [GetFEM](https://getfem.org) - Framework for solving systems of coupled nonlinear PDEs. ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Octave](https://img.shields.io/badge/OCTAVE-darkblue?style=for-the-badge&logo=octave&logoColor=fcd683) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [PyMAPDL](https://github.com/ansys/pymapdl) - The PyMAPDL project supports Pythonic access to MAPDL. ![pyansys](https://img.shields.io/badge/Py-Ansys-ffc107.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABAAAAAQCAIAAACQkWg2AAABDklEQVQ4jWNgoDfg5mD8vE7q/3bpVyskbW0sMRUwofHD7Dh5OBkZGBgW7/3W2tZpa2tLQEOyOzeEsfumlK2tbVpaGj4N6jIs1lpsDAwMJ278sveMY2BgCA0NFRISwqkhyQ1q/Nyd3zg4OBgYGNjZ2ePi4rB5loGBhZnhxTLJ/9ulv26Q4uVk1NXV/f///////69du4Zdg78lx//t0v+3S88rFISInD59GqIH2esIJ8G9O2/XVwhjzpw5EAam1xkkBJn/bJX+v1365hxxuCAfH9+3b9/+////48cPuNehNsS7cDEzMTAwMMzb+Q2u4dOnT2vWrMHu9ZtzxP9vl/69RVpCkBlZ3N7enoDXBwEAAA+YYitOilMVAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [PyVista](https://docs.pyvista.org/version/stable/) - 3D plotting and mesh analysis through a streamlined interface for VTK ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [Symfem](https://symfem.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - A symbolic finite element definition library ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [pyelmer](https://github.com/nemocrys/pyelmer) - A python interface to Elmer. ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [pyGIMLi](https://github.com/gimli-org/gimli) - Geophysical Inversion and Modeling Library 🌍 ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
- [scikit-fem](https://scikit-fem.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Simple finite element assemblers ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

## Tutorial

- [The DOLFINx tutorial](https://github.com/jorgensd/dolfinx-tutorial) - This is the source code for the dolfinx-tutorial webpage. ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
- [comet-fenicsx](https://bleyerj.github.io/comet-fenicsx/) - COmputational MEchanics numerical Tours. ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

## Others

- [DefElement](https://defelement.com/) - an encyclopedia of finite element definitions ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
